<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Netizen's Guide to Everything Awesome</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="leanpub-toc">
<h2>Table of Contents</h2>
<ol class="toc">
<ul class='toc no-parts'>
  <li>
    <a href='#leanpub-auto-animatronic-raccoon'>Animatronic Raccoon</a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href='#leanpub-auto-fathers-with-toys'>Fathers with Toys</a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href='#leanpub-auto-awesome-blist-972014'>Awesome Blist 9/7/2014</a>
  </li>
</ul>

</ol>
</div>
<div id="leanpub-main">
<h2 id="leanpub-auto-animatronic-raccoon">Animatronic Raccoon</h2>

<p>In this <a href="https://www.facebook.com/groups/1471776339706398/permalink/1538406459710052/">video, an Animatronic Raccoon in the likeness of the Raccoon</a> from the “Guardians of the Galaxy” movie answers questions in Japanese (the video is from Japan). The article goes on to say that the director of the movie is a little freaked out by this particular use of animatronics, especially the way the animal appears to get angry and laughs.</p>

<p>I haven’t seen “Guardians of the Galaxy,” but have heard a lot of good things about it. As far as animatronic animals go, I was wondering how many people would be as bothered by this video as the director was. What are some other examples of creepy animal characters which were the results of animatronics or some other form of animation?</p>

<p>We were watching the first “Alvin and the Chipmunks” movie, and my son said that the movie was actually pretty disturbing because there are talking chipmunks. I grew up listening to their songs, so I guess the idea of talking chipmunks doesn’t really bother me, but of course in the movie they have to talk a lot more. <a href="https://www.penflip.com/Ng23055/everything-is-awesome/discussions/2">I could see why this would creep someone out</a>.</p>

<p>There have been a lot of shows and movies which used tricks to create the illusion of a talking animal. The horse in “Mr. Ed” comes to mind. Not a show that I watched a lot of, but I understand that they fed the horse which made it smack its lips. If I remember right, when there is a dog that talks animal wranglers would feed it peanut butter.</p>

<p>“Dog with a Blog” is an example of a sitcom that’s on the air right now which features a talking dog as a character. The dog is real, but of course his lips are animated with CGI when he talks.</p>

<p>Talking animals are a thing of fantasy, so whenever humans encounter them they are often amazed and excited. Judging from people’s reaction to the portrayal of animals that talk, I’m willing to guess that in reality a talking animal would pretty much freak people out.</p>

<p><a href="https://sites.google.com/site/netizensguide/blog/animatronicraccoon">Comment</a> / <a href="https://www.penflip.com/Ng23055/everything-is-awesome/discussions/2">Discuss</a>/ <a href="https://www.penflip.com/Ng23055/everything-is-awesome/blob/master/september-2014/chapter3.txt">Suggest Changes</a> / <strong>Feedback:</strong> <a href="https://netizensguide.tenderapp.com/home">Web</a> | <a href="mailto:cyberlandhq@gmail.com">Email</a>/</p>

<h2 id="leanpub-auto-fathers-with-toys">Fathers with Toys</h2>

<p>Watched a <a href="https://www.facebook.com/groups/1471776339706398/permalink/1506556672895031/">hilarious video</a> the other night in which two fathers duke it out using random toys that they find laying around a local park. Without uttering a single word, the battle escalates from nerf dart gun war, to car chase, then lightsaber duel, until finally somebody gets punched right into next week.</p>

<h2 id="leanpub-auto-awesome-blist-972014">Awesome Blist 9/7/2014</h2>

<p>Here is a review of the most awesome or interesting items posted on the <a href="https://www.facebook.com/groups/1471776339706398/"><em>Everything is Awesome Facebook Group</em></a> during the past week.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-intellivatorhttpswwwfacebookcomvideophpv685455128170995">#1 <a href="https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=685455128170995">Intellivator</a>
</h3>

<p>In this video, passengers were introduced to the first elevator with artificial intelligence. The catch? The entire thing was an elaborate hoax, and they were really talking to two guys with a microphone and a keyboard who were screwing with them.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-compact-boats-onlyhttpswwwfacebookcomvideophpv703730356314074">#2 <a href="https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=703730356314074">Compact Boats Only</a>
</h3>

<p>With no set up, it is difficult to understand what would compel a ship’s captain to drive their boat directly into a beach. But, that’s exactly what happens. It’s like watching someone trying to fit their SUV into a space designed for a compact car at Walmart.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-pooch-with-a-goprohttpwwwfastcocreatecom3035295someone-strapped-a-gopro-to-the-happiest-dog-ever-and-the-result-is-very-happyutmsourcefacebook">#3 <a href="http://www.fastcocreate.com/3035295/someone-strapped-a-gopro-to-the-happiest-dog-ever-and-the-result-is-very-happy?utm_source=facebook"><em>Pooch with a GoPro</em></a>
</h3>

<p>No set up was needed for this video. The owner strapped a GoPro camera to the back of their dog, and then let him run free. It didn’t take long for the dog to make his way to the nearby beach and into the water.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-mutant-spider-dog-thinghttpdesigntaxicomnews369073lol-puppy-dresses-up-as-a-giant-spider-scares-the-life-out-of-peopleinterstitalshown1">#4 <a href="http://designtaxi.com/news/369073/LOL-Puppy-Dresses-Up-As-A-Giant-Spider-Scares-The-Life-Out-Of-People/?interstital_shown=1">Mutant Spider-Dog-Thing</a>
</h3>

<p>A dog is dressed up in a spider costume and then unleashed onto the unsuspecting public. Most of the laughs come from bystanders’ reactions when the dog appears from around dimly lit doorways or corners. The highlight is when the dog is positioned in an elevator with a “victim” lying on the floor. The doors open, and the two ladies who were waiting let out screams.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-most-iconic-shots-in-movie-historyhttpwwwfastcocreatecom3035267watch-the-100-most-iconic-shots-in-movie-history-and-argue-over-whats-missingutmsourcefacebook">#5 <a href="http://www.fastcocreate.com/3035267/watch-the-100-most-iconic-shots-in-movie-history-and-argue-over-whats-missing?utm_source=facebook">100 Most Iconic Shots In Movie History</a>
</h3>

<p>This video is a montage of all of the greatest shots in cinematic history. If you watch real carefully, you will see a diverse mix of classic and modern films ranging from the Wizard of Oz to E.T. and Titanic.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-some-day-my-prints-will-comehttpswwwfacebookcomgeorgehtakeiphotosa2230983243862951059712053444528283491044042808958505type1theater">#6 <a href="https://www.facebook.com/georgehtakei/photos/a.223098324386295.105971.205344452828349/1044042808958505/?type=1&amp;theater">Some Day my Prints will Come</a>
</h3>

<p>Somebody must have really gotten a chuckle when they posted this quote and a picture of Snow White above the copier machine in their office. The comments are just as funny.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-ufohttpsfbcdn-sphotos-a-aakamaihdnethphotos-ak-xap1vt10-910509478101524000330046117014618233242918706njpgoh7b625cacfeebb52201c0cb1494efce31oe549336adgda14179609528f9297aa5889b500de391bfbcf46def1">#7 <a href="https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/v/t1.0-9/10509478_10152400033004611_7014618233242918706_n.jpg?oh=7b625cacfeebb52201c0cb1494efce31&amp;oe=549336AD&amp;__gda__=1417960952_8f9297aa5889b500de391bfbcf46def1">UFO</a>
</h3>

<p>This is another pun via picture. The quote is “UFO caught on tape,” and the picture is of a drawing of a flying saucer stuck to a roll of transparent tape.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-extra-mess-upshttpmoviepilotcomposts201409018-hilarious-screw-ups-you-probably-never-noticed-in-your-favorite-movies-2232587ltsourceexternalmanual">#8 <a href="http://moviepilot.com/posts/2014/09/01/8-hilarious-screw-ups-you-probably-never-noticed-in-your-favorite-movies-2232587?lt_source=external,manual">Extra Mess Ups</a>
</h3>

<p>So, it is common knowledge that movies often use extras for crowd scenes, or no-name characters. This article highlights some of the funnier examples of extras who did something to ruin the scene, but it wasn’t caught by the editor. The most famous example is the stormtrooper in “Star Wars” who bumped their head on a sliding door. This stayed in the theatrical release, and was later incorporated into the storyline (sound effect added). In the prequels, Jango Fett was shown bumping his head as he was climbing into the Slave I, perhaps a way of explaining why the stormtroopers were so accident prone (but still no explanation why they have such a lousy aim).</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-crumbling-cranehttpswwwfacebookcomvideophpv767386486646139">#9 <a href="https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=767386486646139">Crumbling Crane</a>
</h3>

<p>Watched back-to-back, you might wonder if the boat captain from the earlier video had first tried his luck at being a crane operator, or maybe the other way around. In this video, a crane lifts a swimming pool from the street, over the house, but the pool never actually makes it into the backyard. Instead, the crane tips over and crashes straight through the house’s roof. Ouch!</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-things-you-dont-tell-your-wifehttpswwwfacebookcomvideophpv732756650120797">#10 <a href="https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=732756650120797">Things you don’t tell your wife</a>
</h3>

<p>I’m not saying that I would have said any of these things to my wife, but here is a song which might strike a chord with most husbands.</p>

<p>Which of these links were your most or least favorite? Is there an article, video, or image that you think should be included in an Awesome Blist Top Ten? If so, submit them to the <a href="https://www.facebook.com/groups/1471776339706398/">Everything is Awesome Facebook Group</a>, <a href="mailto:cyberlandhq@gmail.com">send them by email</a>, or <a href="https://cybereye.tenderapp.com/discussion/new">post them by web here</a>.</p>

<p>/ <a href="https://www.penflip.com/Ng23055/everything-is-awesome/blob/master/chapter1.txt">Edit </a>/ <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TDYYUBQu1TJnfzFea2EhyzfBiCpGTqR7BA2OUR8y__w/edit?usp=sharing">Comment </a>/ <a href="https://www.penflip.com/Ng23055/everything-is-awesome/discussions/1">Discuss </a> / **Submit a Story: **<a href="mailto:cyberlandhq@gmail.com">Mail </a>| <a href="https://cybereye.tenderapp.com/discussion/new">Web </a></p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
